Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Jill Stein has about 1650 friends, Gary Johnson has almost 3500 friends. However, Clinton has 762 friends and Trump has only 45 friends.
The numbers of friends of former two people are much higher than those of Clinton and Trump. The possibility of sharing same friends is positively related to the friend number base. It is much more likely to have more common friends for Jill and Stein. 

Using sub-sampling, we cannot use the all friends of Jill and Gary to create the sample. We can use pick up some of those two's friends randomly to create the sample, like 800 friends for Jill, 50 friends for Gray. Or we can standardize the result: to check the proportion of common friends to total friends: for Jill and Gary, 344/(1648+3478) = 6.71%  1/(762+45) =1.24%. The gap between those two number is not as big as the one created by absolute value.










2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Both of them are following 'WitheHouse', since they were running for presidency at that time.











3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Trump is a much stronger candidate than Johnson, he is much busier than Johnson, so he does not have too much time to follow too many people.
Since the number of Trump's friends is too small, which might provide less information for us. We only get a smaller sample to make analysis. 










4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Trump has 45 friends, there can be a request in 15 mins for 15 people, the fisrt two bathces cost 30mins, the last bath cost less than 15mins, so the it costs the mininutes between 30 to 45.
